    com.team3418.frc2016

    	Contains the robot's central functions and holds a file with all numerical constants used throughout the code.
    	For example, the Robot member class controls all routines depending on the robot state.

    com.team3418.frc2016.auto

    	Controls the robot's autonomous routine for the autonomous state. See the auto.modes package for the autonomous routines.

    com.team3418.frc2016.auto.actions
    
    	Contains all actions used during the autonomous period, which all share a common interface, Action (also in this package).
   		Examples include getting the hood low. Routines interact with the Subsystems, which interact with the hardware.

    com.team3418.frc2016.auto.modes

    	Contains all autonomous routines. Autonomous routines typically move the robot in their class and call one or more Actions.

    com.team3418.frc2016.subsystems

    	Subsystems are consolidated into one central class per subsystem, all of which implement the Subsystem abstract class.
    	Each Subsystem uses enums, whether at the local or global scope, to set one of multiple states. For example, the HoodRoller has "Stop", "Intake", "Reverse", and "Shoot" states.
    	There is only one instance of each Subsystem class (one cannot have two Drivebases on one robot or in the code).
    	To modify a subsystem, one would get the instance of the subsystem and change its desired state.
    	The Subsystem class will work on setting the desired state.

    com.team3418.lib.util

    	A collection of assorted utilities used in the robot code. This includes custom classes for hardware devices (encoders, gyroscopes, etc.) as well as mathematical helper functions, 
    	especially regarding translations and rotations. Check each .java file for more information.

Variable Naming Conventions

    k_*** (i.e. kMinHoodAngle) : Final constants, especialy those found in the Constants.java file
    K_*** (i.e. K_VISION_MODE) : Static constants
    m*** (i.e. mStartingDistance): Private instance variables
